odml- Metadata handling Library
Copyright 2009-2011 by Jan Grewe & Jan Benda
for more information see http://www.g-node.org/odml

This product includes the following software: 

----------

commons-codec library: developed by The Apache Software Foundation
(http://www.apache.org/). published under the Apache License, Version
2.0 
for details see included LICENSE file.

----------

jdom - xml handling library: developed by the JDOM Project (http://www.jdom.org/).

License:
Copyright (C) 2000-2011 Jason Hunter & Brett McLaughlin. All rights
reserved.
   
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:
       
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.
     
  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions, and the disclaimer that follows
  these conditions in the documentation and/or other materials
  provided with the distribution.
	    
  3. The name "JDOM" must not be used to endorse or promote products
  derived from this software without prior written permission. For
  written permission, please contact <request_AT_jdom_DOT_org>.
     
  4. Products derived from this software may not be called "JDOM", nor
  may "JDOM" appear in their name, without prior written permission
  from the JDOM Project Management <request_AT_jdom_DOT_org>.
	 
In addition, we request (but do not require) that you include in the
end-user documentation provided with the redistribution and/or in the
software itself an acknowledgement equivalent to the following: "This
product includes software developed by the JDOM Project
(http://www.jdom.org/)." Alternatively, the acknowledgment may be
graphical using the logos available at
http://www.jdom.org/images/logos.
 
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED `AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE JDOM AUTHORS OR THE PROJECT CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
    
This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
individuals on behalf of the JDOM Project and was originally created
by Jason Hunter <jhunter_AT_jdom_DOT_org> and Brett McLaughlin
<brett_AT_jdom_DOT_org>. For more information on the JDOM Project,
please see <http://www.jdom.org/>.
	 

----------

slf4j - logging library: developed by the SLF4j project
(http://www.slf4j.org) and published under the MIT License:

Copyright (c) 2004-2011 QOS.ch All rights reserved. Permission is
hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this
software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. 

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.